Add glossary for camel/kebab/snake casing (#28906)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/building_blocks/events/index.md

The [HTTP connect event docs](https://nodejs.org/api/http.html#event-connect) provide a good example.

You can also use JavaScript to build cross-browser add-ons — browser functionality enhancements — using a technology called [WebExtensions](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions).

> The event model is similar to the web events model, but a bit different — event listeners' properties are {{Glossary("camel_case", "camel-cased")}} (such as `onMessage` rather than `onmessage`), and need to be combined with the `addListener` function.

Reviewer: Perhaps here there is a case for the hyphen, so "camel-cased" is short for "put into camel case", i.e. it describes the action not the state.

But also note that this form was one of the original motivations for https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28879.

Author: I think this is grammatically correct, although I'm not totally sure.

Reviewer: I think it is OK, but given that this form made someone file a PR to change it, I would be tempted to reword like "written in {{camel case}}" so as to avoid the potential misunderstanding.

Reviewer 2: I am making this change. There is nothing wrong with "camel case" or "camel-cased" too, but I don't want to go down this road again.

```suggestion
The event model is similar to the web events model, but a bit different — event listeners' properties are written in {{Glossary("camel_case", "camel case")}} (such as `onMessage` rather than `onmessage`), and need to be combined with the `addListener` function.
```
